Cumulus 1987 (#1620)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

- **CUMULUS-1974**
  - Fixed @cumulus/api webpack config for missing underscore object due to underscore update

> - **CUMULUS-1987**

Reviewer: These CHANGELOG notes need to be moved out from under release 1.22.1 to be under Unreleased

Author: Thank you! I think that was a merge gone bad. This has been fixed.

>   - `Remove granule from CMR` operation in `@cumulus/api` passes token to get granule metadata from CMR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Remove granule from CMR` operation in `@cumulus/api` now passes token to CMR when fetching granule metadata, allowing removal of private granules
```
